README.md, before:

# Grab & Read Me
  ------
  
  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## Table of Contents
  ------

  * [Description](#description)
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Licenses](#licenses)
  * [Contributing](#contributing)
  * [Tests](#tests)
  * [Questions](#questions)
  * [Credits](#credits)

  ## Description
  ------
    To save time, this project will automate the process of creating your repositories readme file  by creating new instances every time by by creating new instances every project
  **Written w/**
  Node, CLI, JavaScript

  ## Installation
  ------
  Clone the repo to your machine

  ## Usage
  ------
   Navigate to the project directory, and simply run 'node index'

  ## Contributing
  ------
  Fork it out

  ## Tests
  ------
  Performed local tests, commited output to github for visual accuracy
  
  ## Questions
  ------
  [visit my github](https://www.github.com/IanClark.fullStack) 
  Reach out w/ Additional Questions. 
  ianclark.creative@gmail.com
  

  
  ### License
   2021 - MIT
  [MIT Info](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

Generated perfect readMe for the grab & go read me application

README.md, after:

# Grab & Read Me
  ------
  
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## Table of Contents
  ------

  * [Description](#description)
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Licenses](#licenses)
  * [Contributing](#contributing)
  * [Tests](#tests)
  * [Questions](#questions)
  * [Credits](#credits)

  ## Description
  ------
   To save time, this application will automate the process of creating individual readme files  by generating a readme using a CLI
  **Written w/**
  Node, CLI, JavaScript

  ## Installation
  ------
  Clone the repo to your machine

  ## Usage
  ------
   Navigate to the project directory, and simply run 'node index'

  ## Contributing
  ------
  Fork it out

  ## Tests
  ------
   Performed local tests, commited output to github for visual accuracy
  
  ## Questions
  ------
  [visit my github](https://www.github.com/IanClark-fullStack) 
  Reach out w/ Additional Questions. 
  ianclark.creative@gmail.com
  

  
  ### License
   2021 - MIT
  [MIT Info](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
